.TH TSSH 1 "SEPTEMBER 2016" Linux "User Manuals"                                  
.SH NAME                                                                     
tssh \- A ssh test implementation.
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                 
.B  tssh [-p port] [-l user] [-i identity] [-T] [-d] host 
         [-h] [-V]
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                              
.B tssh                                                                       
is a test implementation of the ssh protocol. It permits to interact with a remote shell ( with or without opening a pty) using the ssh protocol.
.SH OPTIONS                                                       
.IP -p port
Specifies the remote port used by the ssh server. If not specified, the port 22 will be used.
.IP -l user
Specifies the user needed for the remote login.
.IP -i prefix
Specifies an alternative prefix name for the key files, i.e. for rsa the standard is id_rsa, that identifies the couple of files "id_rsa" and "id_rsa.pub" with the private and public rsa keys. Using this parameter, a diferent prefix is specified for both files.
.IP -T                                                                       
Tssh will connect without creating a pty.
.IP -d                                                                       
Debug mode. Prints on stdout all the packets sent and received and their payload. Warning: activating the debug mode even the sensitive information (private keys, etc) will be printed. Be careful.
.IP -h
A short description of tssh command line syntax.
.IP -V
Prints the tssh version and further information, if available.
.SH PARAMETERS                                                                    
Parameters read from the environment.     
.SS TERM
If activate the standard mode, needed so set the pty environment.
.SS HOME
Needed to locate the key files.
.SH FILES                                                                    
.IP ~/.ssh/<key_files>
Tssh use the key files in $HOME/.ssh (i.e. id_rsa) the same files used by openssh. 
.IP ~/.ssh/known_hosts
The "known_hosts" file to register the known servers, the entries will be added using the same format of openssh.
.SH BUGS                                                                     
This program is an alpha, massive changes are possible.
.SH AUTHOR                                                                   
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"                                                               
.BR SSH(1)
